---
layout: post
title:  week 5 - prototyping
date:   2016-07-27
description: prototyping and piloting
published: true
---
## Schedule  

#### Monday
Team consultation with the Safe Walk team  
  
In the team consultation both our team and Safe Walk shared and gave feedback on our prototyping plan. 
The Safe Walk team surprisingly had a similar direction of a location based social application. 
Part of the feedback we received was to consider if our design could belong to an existing social platform.
Additionally, they had difficulty understanding how the design related back to our topic. We responded to the feedback
by discussing as a group how we could incorporate prototyping activities that could better evaluate and clarify our 
 thinking on how our concept would work in a disaster scenario. We also discussed how which existing social platforms
 might be integrate well with our design. 

#### Tuesday
Development of a natural disaster based prototyping activity

We modeled our communication tool concept using Slack. During the study our participant was asked to perform a scavenger 
hunt style activity using our prototype as their only means of of communication. 
 
 

#### Wednesday
Presentation of our prototyping methods and research plans

#### Thursday

#### Friday
Conducted our scavenger hunt and user profile card sorting activities with two participants.  


#### Sat/Sun

#### This weeks goal
We created three prototypes to evaluate our research questions and hypotheses. We wanted to uncover barriers for users and better understand key features that set our platform apart from others that already exist on the market.


## Prototype 1 - Supply & Collaboration

#### Research Question + Activity Summary
How comfortable are people sharing personal information about themselves & how does this influence trust?

-Card sorting<br/>
-Think aloud<br/>
-Asked probing questions<br/>
-Exit interview<br/>

## Prototype 2 - Supply & Collaboration

#### Research Question
How can we improve resource and information sharing within a local community & where do existing tools fall short in collaborative decision making?


#### Activity Summary
A group-based planning and supply activity. A group of 4-6 people will be asked to coordinate a camping trip. In the pilot version of the activity, the group was asked to complete this task with one member acting as the group leader. The leader was given a short checklist and asked to document the planning process using pen and paper. 

In the next round of this activity, the group will be asked to collaborate via a chat tool and use a shared Google doc for note taking.


-Collaborative group activity<br/>
-Group debrief<br/>
-Exit interview<br/>

## Prototype 3 - Supply & Collaboration

#### Research Question + Activity Summary
Do individuals feel more comfortable requesting favors from strangers in close proximity to strangers that are further away?

-Individual scavenger hunt activity<br/>
-Think aloud<br/>
-Exit interview<br/>


## Moving forward
